/**
   @author Mario Danic, Vreixo Formoso, Thomas Schmitt

   @mainpage Libisoburn Documentation Index

   @section intro Introduction

Libburnia is an open-source project for reading, mastering and writing
optical discs. This page is about its capability to read, manipulate, and
write ISO 9660 filesystems with Rock Ridge extensions. Media can be optical
media or filesystem objects.

Our scope is currently Linux 2.4 and 2.6, FreeBSD, OpenSolaris, or NetBSD.

libisoburn is an add-on to libburn and libisofs which coordinates both and
also allows to grow ISO-9660 filesystem images on multi-session media as well
as on overwriteable media via the same API.
All media peculiarities are handled automatically.

xorriso is an application of all three libraries which creates, loads,
manipulates and writes ISO 9660 filesystem images with Rock Ridge extensions.
Manipulation is not only adding or overwriting of files but also deletion,
renaming, and attribute changing. An incremental backup feature is provided.
The xorriso features are accessible via built-in command interpreters and
via a C language API.


SONAME:
libisoburn.so.1 (since 0.1.0, February 2008).


   @section using Using the libraries

Our build system is based on autotools.
User experience tells us that you will need at least autotools version 1.7.

To build libisoburn go into its toplevel directory and execute:

-  ./bootstrap  (needed if you downloaded from SVN)

-  ./configure

-  make

To make the library and the xorriso application accessible for running and
software development:

-  make install


For direct use as command line tool use the xorriso binary which among many
other features provides a mkisofs emulation via command "-as mkisofs".
See man page xorriso/xorriso.1 or GNU info document xorriso/xorriso.info.


If you want to link an own application with libisoburn, you have
two alternative APIs for choice:

-  libisoburn, together with libburn and libisofs.

-  xorriso, a complete representation of xorriso command line options.
   It encapsulates the three lower level libraries.
   Calls of both API families shall not be mixed.

For a description of the lbisoburn API read libisoburn/libisoburn.h
See file README for download and installation of a release tarball.
You will also have to install and understand the two libraries of the 
Libburnia project which provide fundamental services:
libburn is the library by which preformatted data get onto optical media.
See libburn/libburn.h for its API description.
libisofs is the library to handle ISO 9660 filesystems with Rock Ridge 
extensions. Its API is described in libisofs/libisofs.h .

For xorriso features see its man page xorriso/xorriso.1 or
its GNU info document xorriso/xorriso.info.
For the corresponding C language API see libisoburn/xorriso.h (or
xorriso/xorriso.h in the build directory).
The implementation this API is part of libisoburn.
The xorriso command line tool gets installed as dynamically linked
binary together with libisoburn.

There is also a statically linked release named GNU xorriso.
See xorriso/README_gnu_xorriso for its download and installation.

*/
